hi folks dave herbert here a lot of
people have commented on my ch-46 video
that there's no bottom on the bottom of
the helicopter so i'm going to show you
how i can make a quick fix or how you
can make a quick pick up the fancy here
today folks this is the helicopter the
ch-46 marine corps version here and i'm
going to go ahead and show you because
see there is no bottom in here and we
want to cover that up so let's go ahead
and cover that up and i'm going to
simply take some pictures and show you
how it all works and i'm using some of
this four dollars and ninety-five cents
foam board that you can get at staples
it's white on one side green on the
other so let's go ahead get started
okay we've got the bottom on it weighs
almost one ounce let's go ahead and give
it a try and see how it looks hope I'm
gonna set it right down on the ground
hello
landed right on top of the camera not
too bad
and I've got two passengers on board too
doing good that's fun that is wrong to
God that is one helicopter that's the
ch-47 Chinook they call it from X heli
but in Marine Corps colors it's a ch-46
and that is because it has internal
engines and tricycle landing gear
instead of four like this Chinooks and
the rest just great flying machine that
covers it up okay see you next time
folks